Releases open preview (#8367)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/releases/releases-overview.adoc

:icons: font
:experimental:

NOTE: CircleCI releases is currently in **open preview**

Visualise and control deployments to your Kubernetes cluster with CircleCI release environments.

[#introduction]
== Introduction

CircleCI release integrations give you visibility into your releases in the CircleCI web app, as well as access to controls for release features. From the releases dashboard, you can:

* Restore a version
* Scale a version
* Restart a version

CircleCI releases supports link:https://argoproj.github.io/argo-rollouts/[Argo Rollouts] for progressive delivery. Some further controls are available from the releases dashboard for projects that use Argo Rollouts:

* Retry release
* Promote release
* Cancel release

image::{{site.baseurl}}/assets/img/docs/arch.png[Provide some alt text for images here]

[#quickstart]
== Quickstart

If you want to get started with CircleCI releases right away, you can jump to:

xref:set-up-a-release-integration.adoc#[Tutorial: Set up a release integration]

#Is there a separate setup guide for using feature flags?#
#Add links to how to guide for using commands?#

[#how-the-feature-works]
== How the feature works

> CircleCI integrates with Kubernetes deployments and Argo Rollouts to give you visibility and control over your release process through the CircleCI web app

Reviewer: ~
```suggestion
CircleCI can now integrate with your Kubernetes cluster to give you visibility and control over your release process through the CircleCI web app. We currently support Kubernetes Deployments and Argo Rollouts.
```
